Case User Stories
When the Jim Stephens is wanting to get a Country report then Jim asks the program to generate a report by pressing a button. The report is then generated by translating the java to a sql database and then it gets the information (Code, name, Continent, region, population, Capital) and makes Jim readable for Jim to read. It then sends it to the Jim to be able to get the information that is needed from the report.
When Jessica Williamson is wanting to get a city report then Jessica asks the program to generate a report by pressing a button. The report is then generated by translating the java to a sql database and then it gets the information (name, country, district, population) and makes it readable for Jessica to read. It then sends it to Jessica to be able to get the information that is needed from the report.
When Tom Lawrence is wanting to get a Capital City report then Tom asks the program to generate a report by pressing a button. The report is then generated by translating the java to a sql database and then it gets the information (name, country, population) and makes it readable for Tom to read. It then sends it to the Tom to be able to get the information that is needed from the report.
When the Joseph John is wanting to get a Population report report then Joseph asks the program to generate a report by pressing a button. The report is then generated by translating the java to a sql database and then it gets the information (name of continent/region/country, total population of continent/ region/ country, total population of continent/ region/ country living in cities, total population of continent/ region/ country not living in cities) and makes it readable for Joseph to read. It then sends it to the Joseph to be able to get the information that is needed from the report.

Use case 	Purpose 
Create a schema             	Creates a connection with the world.sql data base 
Create a Country report     	A worker that is trying to get relevant information about the country i.e the languages they use the Code, name, continent, region, population, capital 
Create a City report        	A worker that is trying to get relevant information about the city i.e name, country, district and population 
Create a Capital city report 	A worker that is trying to get relevant information about the Capital city i.e Name, country and population 
Create a population report   	A worker that is trying to get relevant information about the population i.e the name of the place, the total population, the total population of the place living in cities including a % and the population of people not living in cities within that place including a %
